hello everyone its Alaina and I'm back
for another video and today I'm going to
show you guys how I take notes on my
iPad pro in law school now at Cambridge
you have a supervision and lecture
system so I use these lecture notes
which are also making good notes and
then these reading notes which I make on
pages so that I can base my notes on
them basically my reading notes are just
you know notes of all the things that I
had to read for supervision and then
there's also my supervision notes and
supervision notes are basically just
minutes from you know the conversations
behalf in the supervision because we
just talked about the readings and from
these free I then make my study notes
which look like this and I'm gonna show
you guys today how I do it so here's one
of the notebooks that I have in good
notes I have a notebook for every topic
in every subject that I need to study
and I use dark paper because it's easier
for me to focus on that and I feel like
it looks a little cool so I like using
that and as you can see I use a lot of
picture it's quite a bit of color and I
just try to make them aesthetically
pleasing so that I want to look at them
and revise from them because I feel like
when my notes look good I actually have
more of a motivation to read over them
so let's take a look here's one of two
notebooks that I'm currently working on
which is fuller for jurisprudence and as
you can see the pages which I'm actually
still working on are actually not blank
dark paper but instead care squared dark
paper you can always change that later
and then it just looks really neat and
clean but while you work on it it's
easier if you just have square paper
because that works a lot better
[Music]
so I use 0.55 millimeters for my
headings and I really like just drawing
something quick and easy and it makes it
super super easy goodness through that
because you can just use the shape tool
and yep then you just basically start
drawing and you don't need to you know
be able to draw any straight lines
goodnotes straightens them for them so
you just draw one straight line put in
your title and then you just you know
draw the rest of it and it looks really
really super easy because goodnotes just
makes it straight so that it looks quite
nice
[Music]
and yet then you just fill out triangle
and you have a nice little title
[Music]
as you can see here I do use color but
honestly there are some no specific
meaning to it I just try to make it
stand out so that I can see where the
text is separated and I also use
pictures which I literally just take
from the internet I am not selling these
notes or anything so I guess that's fine
and here's another notebook this one's
already done and as you can see here
once again lots of pictures by the way
if you're looking for things you know
that aren't just in square format for
like this crown or the King I usually
just type in whatever I want for example
crown and then clipart and transparent
background and then Google gives me what
I'm looking for usually and yeah as you
can see here once again lots of color no
real meaning but occasionally there are
symbols and they do have meaning
so sometimes red means it's important
but not always there's really no system
to it but I just try to make sure that I
can see if there's something really
important so that I remember look at
that it matters
[Music]
now I also have these very simplified
comments like here it's a no from me
that's just so I know where the
arguments belong like where in the
debate does this person stand it's just
much easier for me at least if I just
have like a general quick comment like
oh this is we're into the debate to put
this and then you can read through the
more academic comments and figure out
how they fit into the topic I also use
subheadings as you can see here and I
use a lighter pink for that and I use
0.45 millimeters for these but it
honestly doesn't matter you can also
write it in 0.5
it really looks the same and yet once
again here you can see one of these very
simplified ways of just showing where
people are in the debate for me that's
something that works really really well
sometimes it's a little silly to come up
with these comments and just put them in
academic mouse but I'm telling you it
really really helps when you're revising
and in my opinion it also makes it just
a little bit cooler to look into your
nose because you're basically staging
the fight between academics because I
can have a new fight they disagree they
just do it less rudely but yet you can
just put some words in your mouth like I
did here with sounds like a concession
and things like that so that it's cooler
to look at it and that you're having
more fun while revising because revising
should be fun at the end of the day
[Music]
now I mainly use white but as I said I
use a lot of colors but when I do use
white for writing then I use zero point
two millimeters and yeah I think that's
a great size because it's very readable
even you know when you zoom out but it's
still quite a useful thing and here once
again I have two subheadings in 0.45
millimeters which I think are just
really useful because these are things
that don't deserve their own heading but
they're helpful and I use a lot of
academics pictures which literally just
take from the internet there's no good
reason for it
I think it just makes it you know more
real that there's a debate between
actual people and yeah it just makes it
easier to imagine them having a
conversation about jurisprudence which
kind of helps me while studying so yeah
as I said from these free pieces of
written notes I done make my study notes
which all hand written in a way I mean
it's digital handwriting but I just feel
like digital handwriting is almost as
good as handwriting on paper and it just
allows me to bring my notes everywhere
and still have that effect of you know
memorizing things better because of your
handwriting and now we're gonna go to my
lecture handouts which I also write in
good notes I get to pry my lecturers
export them as a PDF so that I can edit
them and good notes and I always space
them out massively
so I usually go for 2.0 or even free
photo spacing depending on the subject
and that just helps me you know to be
able to write everything I want in there
now I'm gonna explain to you guys what
the colors up to different highlighters
mean if there's any meaning to the
colors of the writing and yep just
basically how I structure my nose it's a
very different approach than I use for
my study notes because obviously lecture
handout serves a very different purpose
than my revision notes so that's why I
treat them quite differently here's an
example handout from contract law on
undo influence as you can see there's
this purple highlighter which I use for
just important information it is four
point six millimeter as a size in case
you guys are interested and I just use
that for anything that's relevant then I
sometimes draw just if you know there's
a description which I feel like deserves
a little diagram or something then I
just do that quickly in lectures but
here the objective is not to look fancy
but is that just to be practical just
quickly show the information it doesn't
need to look perfect and I mostly rides
so whenever I ride I usually use blue is
like my first color but it really
doesn't matter and I use zero point two
millimeters just like in my study notes
to write everything out because I feel
like anything less than zero point two
millimeters looks a bit weird when
printing it but anything more gets a
little too thick so for me that's like
the perfect size for printing it and
yeah I do use different colors as you
can see for example here but I really
just use them to separate one text from
the other so for example some facts from
a conclusion things like that just so I
can see these are different things and
then I also use a green highlighter
which I use for case law but also for
statutes just so I know it's not
information but it's case lower statute
which I don't know for me in my
memorization process it has a different
status so that's why it deserves a
different color once again here you can
see using different colors just to
separate text because everything is so
crammed so I need to make sure I know
this is something else
now I also do sometimes draw boxes
around important things just to make
sure I remember them I use 0.45
millimeters of the size and then I just
use the shape tool from goodnotes
the shape tool is a lifesaver in
lectures because it allows you to just
quickly draw a really ugly rectangle and
turn it into something nice so it's a
really quick way of just you know making
important information stand out when
highlighting would be a bit much because
it's just a lot I also sometimes
underlined things which aren't as
important that they deserve a highlight
but is so important but that's pretty
rare because I'm mainly focused on
highlighting now here you can see lots
of colors so some blue some purple pink
and then
read once again there's no specific
meaning to the colors it's really just
separating the text so that I can easily
see something as facts something is a
conclusion something is obiter etc etc
just keeping everything apart to make
sure I know you said different things
now as you can see I ride pretty small
but I found that this is still fine for
printing like whenever I printed out I
can read it so that's great but you have
to be quick in lecture so I sometimes
use symbols like this very ugly house I
hope you could tell it's a house but
yeah that's just a safe space and also
be quick connections because even though
you digitally handwriting it doesn't
make it much faster so you got to make
sure you can keep up now the one
highlighting color that wasn't on here
was this dark blue which I use for
further readings so whenever it is it
recommended article or something on the
lecture handout I highlighted in blue so
that when I look over it I know that I
need to go back and read this do the
math says and yep that's pretty much how
I make my lecture handouts as you can
see the main approach is just being
practical make sure the information is
clear so that I can then turn it into
something fancy on my revision notes I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching and if you
would like to have a video on my reading
notes which I type on pages please let
me know and I can make one in the future
and thank you so much for watching have
a nice day bye
[Music]